=head1 NAME

gcode-issue-import - Import issues from Google Code into Github's issue tracker

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    gcode-issue-import \
        --from your_googlecode_projectname \
        --to   owner/githubreponame

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This script aims to pull as much data as possible from Google Code's issue
tracker and insert it into Github's issue tracker.

This should be considered ALPHA-QUALITY CODE .  Do not (yet) run it targeting a
Github issue tracker that contains data you care about, or you may spend days
manually deleting ugly tickets.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item --from <google code project name>

The project name of your Google Code project.  Mandatory.

=item --to <github user/repository>

The target Github repository, in user/repositoryname format.  Mandatory.

=item --github-login <username>

Your Github login name.  Optional.  If not provided, value will be pulled from
your git configuration with `git config`

=item --github-token <api token>

Your Github API token.  Optional.  If not provided, value will be pulled from
your git configuration with `git config`

=item --start-index <integer>

Google Code issue ID to start at.  Optional.  If not provided, defaults to 1.

=item --help

Short-form help

=item --man

Full manpage

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item * 

google-code-to-github-issues.pl by Tatsuhiko Miyagawa
(L<http://remediecode.org/2009/04/moved-issues-to-github.html>), which was the basis for this script

=item *

L<App::SD|App::SD>, which purports to do bidirectional replication of issues
between various bugtrackers, including Google Code and Github.  It didn't work
for me, however.

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

Dave O'Neill <dmo@dmo.ca>

Based on google-code-to-github-issues.pl by Tatsuhiko Miyagawa
(L<http://remediecode.org/2009/04/moved-issues-to-github.html>)

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.


=cut

